Morrowind of course and he done my worth
their weight and ash will tell you the
same I used to be a member of the more
active we were an assassin seal there
was sanctioned by the Empire the provide
public as well as private execution we
did this in the name of my father am i
used to quite vividly warship no in fact
the Tong were quite the little rivals
with the dark brotherhood were they
operated within the shadows we operated
on the side of justice
I didn't have a choice when the Red
Mountain erupted in Morrowind the Tong
fled spread to the nine win I made a
pact that one day we might reunite but I
believe that day is long and coming
have you taken leave of your senses the
dark brother had discovered I had been a
more active they can corrupt me with a
vengeance better to stay out of sight
and ply my trade with the Thieves Guild
and risk a contract on my head
I should hope so the Dark Brotherhood is
also known the place contracts and those
who associate with the Moorhead Tom as
well so unless you wanna visit from one
of their own I suggest you follow your
own advice and keep your mouth shut